# PROC_SUPER_MAGIC
dont_measure fsmagic=0x9fa0
# SYSFS_MAGIC
dont_measure fsmagic=0x62656572
# DEBUGFS_MAGIC
dont_measure fsmagic=0x64626720
# TMPFS_MAGIC
dont_measure fsmagic=0x1021994
# RAMFS_MAGIC (missing)
# DEVPTS_SUPER_MAGIC
dont_measure fsmagic=0x1cd1
# BINFMTFS_MAGIC
dont_measure fsmagic=0x42494e4d
# SECURITYFS_MAGIC
dont_measure fsmagic=0x73636673
# SELINUX_MAGIC
dont_measure fsmagic=0xf97cff8c
# SMACK_MAGIC (new)
dont_measure fsmagic=0x43415d53
# CGROUP_SUPER_MAGIC
dont_measure fsmagic=0x27e0eb
# CGROUP2_SUPER_MAGIC (new)
dont_measure fsmagic=0x63677270
# NSFS_MAGIC
dont_measure fsmagic=0x6e736673
# EFIVARFS_MAGIC (new)
dont_measure fsmagic=0xde5e81e4
# OVERLAYFS_MAGIC (extra)
# when containers are used we almost always want to ignore them
dont_measure fsmagic=0x794c7630

# base_file_type, base_ro_file_type
dont_measure obj_type=etc_runtime_t
dont_measure obj_type=system_conf_t
dont_measure obj_type=system_db_t
dont_measure obj_type=tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=var_lib_t
dont_measure obj_type=var_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=var_spool_t

# seinfo -alockfile -x | sed -n 's/^\t\(.*_t\)$/dont_measure obj_type=\1/p'
dont_measure obj_type=alsa_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=apcupsd_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=apmd_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=automount_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=bluetooth_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=condor_var_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=conntrackd_var_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=container_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=cpuplug_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=cupsd_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=denyhosts_var_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=dirsrv_var_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=dirsrvadmin_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=drbd_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=fenced_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=ftpd_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=getty_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=httpd_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=ipmievd_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=ipsec_mgmt_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=iptables_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=iscsi_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=kdump_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=krb5kdc_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=likewise_pstore_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=local_login_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=lockdev_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=logrotate_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=logwatch_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=lvm_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=mailman_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=mandb_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=mrtg_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=pkcs_slotd_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=pki_ra_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=pki_tomcat_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=pki_tps_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=postgresql_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=pppd_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=rabbitmq_var_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=rhsmcertd_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=ricci_modstorage_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=rpcd_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=rtas_errd_var_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=semanage_read_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=semanage_trans_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=shorewall_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=slapd_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=swift_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=system_cronjob_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=uucpd_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=var_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=virt_lock_t
dont_measure obj_type=xdm_lock_t

# seinfo -alogfile -x | sed -n 's/^\t\(.*_t\)$/dont_measure obj_type=\1/p'
dont_measure obj_type=NetworkManager_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=abrt_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=acct_data_t
dont_measure obj_type=afs_logfile_t
dont_measure obj_type=aide_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=amanda_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=antivirus_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=apcupsd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=apmd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=asterisk_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=auth_cache_t
dont_measure obj_type=bacula_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=bitlbee_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=boinc_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=brltty_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=calamaris_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=callweaver_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=canna_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=ccs_var_lib_t
dont_measure obj_type=ccs_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=certmaster_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=cfengine_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=cgred_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=checkpc_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=chronyd_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=cinder_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=cloud_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=cluster_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=cobbler_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=collectd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=condor_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=conman_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=conntrackd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=consolekit_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=container_file_t
dont_measure obj_type=container_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=couchdb_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=cron_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=ctdbd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=cupsd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=cyphesis_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=ddclient_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=deltacloudd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=denyhosts_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=devicekit_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=dirsrv_snmp_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=dirsrv_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=dlm_controld_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=dnsmasq_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=dovecot_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=dspam_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=evtchnd_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=exim_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=fail2ban_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=faillog_t
dont_measure obj_type=fenced_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=fetchmail_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=fingerd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=firewalld_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=foghorn_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=fsadm_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=getty_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=gfs_controld_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=glance_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=glusterd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=groupd_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=haproxy_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=httpd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=ibacm_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=icecast_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=inetd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=initrc_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=innd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=ipsec_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=iscsi_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=iwhd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=jetty_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=jockey_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=kadmind_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=keystone_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=kismet_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=krb5kdc_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=ksmtuned_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=ktalkd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=lastlog_t
dont_measure obj_type=mailman_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=mcelog_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=mdadm_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=minidlna_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=mirrormanager_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=mongod_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=motion_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=mpd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=mrtg_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=munin_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=mysqld_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=mythtv_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=naemon_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=nagios_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=named_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=neutron_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=nova_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=nscd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=nsd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=ntpd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=numad_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=openhpid_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=openshift_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=opensm_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=openvpn_status_t
dont_measure obj_type=openvpn_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=openvswitch_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=openwsman_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=osad_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=passenger_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=pcp_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=piranha_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=pkcs_slotd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=pki_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=pki_ra_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=pki_tomcat_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=pki_tps_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=plymouthd_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=polipo_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=postgresql_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=pppd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=pptp_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=prelink_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=prelude_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=privoxy_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=procmail_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=prosody_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=psad_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=puppet_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=pyicqt_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=qdiskd_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=rabbitmq_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=radiusd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=redis_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=rhev_agentd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=rhsmcertd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=ricci_modcluster_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=ricci_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=rpm_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=rsync_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=rtas_errd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=samba_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=sanlock_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=sectool_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=sendmail_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=sensord_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=setroubleshoot_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=shorewall_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=slapd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=slpd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=smsd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=snapperd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=snmpd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=snort_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=spamd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=speech_dispatcher_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=squid_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=sssd_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=stapserver_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=stunnel_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=sudo_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=svnserve_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=sysstat_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=thin_aeolus_configserver_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=thin_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=tomcat_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=tor_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=tuned_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=ulogd_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=uucpd_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=varnishlog_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=vdagent_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=virt_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=virt_qemu_ga_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=vmware_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=watchdog_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=winbind_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=wtmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=xdm_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=xend_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=xenstored_var_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=xferlog_t
dont_measure obj_type=xserver_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=zabbix_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_deliver_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_gateway_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_ical_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_indexer_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_monitor_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_server_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_spooler_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=zebra_log_t
dont_measure obj_type=zoneminder_log_t

# seinfo -apidfile -x | sed -n 's/^\t\(.*_t\)$/dont_measure obj_type=\1/p'
dont_measure obj_type=NetworkManager_dispatcher_console_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=NetworkManager_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=abrt_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=aiccu_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ajaxterm_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=alsa_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=antivirus_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=apcupsd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=apmd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=arpwatch_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=asterisk_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=audisp_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=auditd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=automount_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=avahi_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=bacula_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=bcfg2_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=bitlbee_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=blkmapd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=blktap_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=blueman_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=bluetooth_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=boltd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=bootloader_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=brltty_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=bumblebee_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=cachefilesd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=callweaver_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=canna_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=cardmgr_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ccs_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=certmaster_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=certmonger_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=cgred_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=chronyd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=cinder_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=clogd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=cluster_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=clvmd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=cmirrord_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=collectd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=comsat_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=condor_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=conman_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=conntrackd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=consolekit_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=container_kvm_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=container_plugin_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=container_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=couchdb_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=courier_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=cpuplug_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=cpuspeed_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=cron_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=crond_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ctdbd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=cupsd_config_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=cupsd_lpd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=cupsd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=cvs_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=cyphesis_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=cyrus_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=dbskkd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=dcc_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=dccd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=dccifd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=dccm_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=dcerpcd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ddclient_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=deltacloudd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=devicekit_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=dhcpc_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=dhcpd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=dictd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=dirsrv_snmp_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=dirsrv_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=dkim_milter_data_t
dont_measure obj_type=dlm_controld_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=dnsmasq_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=dnssec_trigger_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=dovecot_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=drbd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=dspam_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=entropyd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=eventlogd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=evtchnd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=exim_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=fail2ban_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=fcoemon_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=fenced_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=fetchmail_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=fingerd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=firewalld_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=foghorn_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=freeipmi_bmc_watchdog_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=freeipmi_ipmidetectd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=freeipmi_ipmiseld_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=fsadm_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=fsdaemon_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ftpd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=games_srv_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=gdomap_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=getty_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=gfs_controld_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=glance_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=glusterd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=gpm_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=gpsd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=greylist_milter_data_t
dont_measure obj_type=groupd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=gssproxy_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=haproxy_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=hostapd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=httpd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=hwloc_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ibacm_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=icecast_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ifconfig_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=inetd_child_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=inetd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=init_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=initrc_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=innd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=install_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ipmievd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ipsec_mgmt_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ipsec_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=iptables_var_lib_t
dont_measure obj_type=iptables_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=irqbalance_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=iscsi_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=isnsd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=iwhd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=jetty_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=kadmind_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=keepalived_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=keystone_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=kismet_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=klogd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=kmod_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=krb5kdc_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ksmtuned_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=l2tpd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=lircd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=lldpad_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=locate_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=logwatch_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=lpd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=lsassd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=lsmd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=lttng_sessiond_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=lvm_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=lwiod_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=lwregd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=lwsmd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=mailman_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=mcelog_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=mdadm_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=memcached_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=minidlna_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=minissdpd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=mirrormanager_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=mock_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=mon_statd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=mongod_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=motion_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=mount_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=mpd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=mrtg_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=mscan_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=munin_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=mysqld_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=mysqlmanagerd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=naemon_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=nagios_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=named_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=netlogond_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=neutron_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ninfod_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=nmbd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=nova_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=nrpe_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=nscd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=nsd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=nslcd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ntop_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ntpd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=numad_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=nut_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=nx_server_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=oddjob_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=opafm_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=openct_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=opendnssec_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=openhpid_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=openshift_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=openvpn_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=openvswitch_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=openwsman_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=osad_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pads_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pam_var_console_t
dont_measure obj_type=pam_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=passenger_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pcp_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pcscd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pdns_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pegasus_openlmi_storage_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pegasus_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pesign_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=piranha_fos_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=piranha_lvs_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=piranha_pulse_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=piranha_web_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pkcs11proxyd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pkcs_slotd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pki_ra_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pki_tomcat_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pki_tps_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=plymouthd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=policykit_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=polipo_pid_t
dont_measure obj_type=portmap_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=portreserve_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=postfix_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=postgresql_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=postgrey_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pppd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pptp_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=prelude_audisp_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=prelude_lml_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=prelude_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=privoxy_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=prosody_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=psad_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ptal_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pulseaudio_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=puppet_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pwauth_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=pyicqt_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=qdiskd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=qemu_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=qpidd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=quota_nld_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=rabbitmq_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=radiusd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=radvd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=readahead_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=redis_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=regex_milter_data_t
dont_measure obj_type=restorecond_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=rhev_agentd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=rhnsd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=rhsmcertd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ricci_modcluster_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ricci_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=rlogind_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=rngd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=roundup_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=rpcbind_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=rpcd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=rpm_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=rsync_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=rtas_errd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=sanlock_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=saslauthd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=sbd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=sblim_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=screen_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=sendmail_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=sensord_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=setrans_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=setroubleshoot_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=slapd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=slpd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=smbd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=smokeping_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=smsd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=snmpd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=snort_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=sosreport_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=soundd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=spamass_milter_data_t
dont_measure obj_type=spamd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=spc_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=squid_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=srvsvcd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=sshd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=sslh_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=sssd_public_t
dont_measure obj_type=sssd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=stapserver_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=stunnel_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=svnserve_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=swat_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=swift_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=syslogd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=system_cronjob_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=system_dbusd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=systemd_bootchart_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=systemd_importd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=systemd_logind_inhibit_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=systemd_logind_sessions_t
dont_measure obj_type=systemd_logind_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=systemd_machined_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=systemd_networkd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=systemd_passwd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=systemd_resolved_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=systemd_timedated_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=systemd_userdbd_runtime_t
dont_measure obj_type=tangd_cache_t
dont_measure obj_type=targetclid_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=telnetd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=tftpd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=tgtd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=thin_aeolus_configserver_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=thin_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=timemaster_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=tlp_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=tomcat_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=tor_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=tuned_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=udev_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=uml_switch_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=usbmuxd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=useradd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=uucpd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=uuidd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=varnishd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=varnishlog_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=vdagent_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=vhostmd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=virt_common_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=virt_lxc_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=virt_qemu_ga_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=virt_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=virtlogd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=vmware_host_pid_t
dont_measure obj_type=vmware_pid_t
dont_measure obj_type=vnstatd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=vpnc_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=watchdog_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=wdmd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=wicked_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=winbind_rpcd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=winbind_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=xdm_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=xenconsoled_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=xend_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=xenstored_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=xserver_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ypbind_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=yppasswdd_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ypserv_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=ypxfr_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=zabbix_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_deliver_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_gateway_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_ical_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_indexer_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_monitor_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_server_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_spooler_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=zebra_var_run_t
dont_measure obj_type=zoneminder_var_run_t

# seinfo -aspoolfile -x | sed -n 's/^\t\(.*_t\)$/dont_measure obj_type=\1/p'
dont_measure obj_type=abrt_retrace_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=asterisk_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=audit_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=courier_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=cron_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=dovecot_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=exim_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=mail_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=mqueue_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=nagios_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=news_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=plymouthd_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=postfix_spool_bounce_t
dont_measure obj_type=postfix_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=postgrey_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=prelude_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=print_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=pyicqt_var_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=qmail_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=rwho_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=spamd_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=squirrelmail_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=system_cron_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=user_cron_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=uucpd_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=var_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=xdm_spool_t

# seinfo -atmpfile -x | sed -n 's/^\t\(.*_t\)$/dont_measure obj_type=\1/p'
dont_measure obj_type=NetworkManager_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=abrt_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=abrt_upload_watch_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=abrt_var_cache_t
dont_measure obj_type=admin_crontab_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=alsa_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=amanda_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=antivirus_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=apcupsd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=apmd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=arpwatch_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=asterisk_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=auditadm_sudo_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=auditd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=automount_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=awstats_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=bacula_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=bitlbee_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=blueman_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=bluetooth_helper_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=bluetooth_helper_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=bluetooth_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=boinc_project_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=boinc_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=bootloader_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=bugzilla_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=cardmgr_dev_t
dont_measure obj_type=ccs_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=cdcc_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=certmonger_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=chrome_sandbox_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=chronyd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=cinder_api_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=cinder_backup_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=cinder_scheduler_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=cinder_volume_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=cloud_init_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=cluster_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=cobbler_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=collectd_script_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=colord_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=comsat_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=condor_master_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=condor_schedd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=condor_startd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=conman_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=container_runtime_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=couchdb_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=crack_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=crond_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=crontab_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=ctdbd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=cups_pdf_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=cupsd_lpd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=cupsd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=cvs_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=cyphesis_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=cyrus_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dbadm_sudo_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dbskkd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dcc_client_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dcc_dbclean_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dccd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dccifd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dccm_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=ddclient_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=deltacloudd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=devicekit_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dhcpc_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dhcpd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dirsrv_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dirsrvadmin_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=disk_munin_plugin_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dkim_milter_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dnsmasq_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dnssec_trigger_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dovecot_auth_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dovecot_deliver_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=dovecot_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=drbd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=exim_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=fail2ban_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=fenced_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=firewalld_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=firewallgui_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=fprintd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=fsadm_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=fsdaemon_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=ftpd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=ftpdctl_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=games_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=games_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=gconf_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=geoclue_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=getty_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=git_script_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=gkeyringd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=glance_registry_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=glance_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=glusterd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=gpg_agent_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=gpg_agent_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=gpg_pinentry_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=gpg_pinentry_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=gpm_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=gssd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=hsqldb_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=httpd_php_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=httpd_suexec_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=httpd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=inetd_child_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=inetd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=init_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=initrc_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=ipsec_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=iptables_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=iscsi_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=jetty_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=kadmind_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=kdumpctl_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=kdumpgui_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=keepalived_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=keystone_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=kismet_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=kismet_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=klogd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=kmod_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=krb5_host_rcache_t
dont_measure obj_type=krb5kdc_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=ktalkd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=l2tpd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=ldconfig_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=livecd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=logrotate_mail_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=logrotate_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=logwatch_mail_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=logwatch_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=lpd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=lpr_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=lsassd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=lsmd_plugin_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=lvm_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=mail_munin_plugin_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=mailman_cgi_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=mailman_mail_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=mailman_queue_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=mdadm_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=mediawiki_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=mock_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=mojomojo_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=mongod_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=mount_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=mozilla_plugin_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=mozilla_plugin_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=mozilla_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=mozilla_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=mpd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=mplayer_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=mscan_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=munin_script_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=munin_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=mysqld_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=nagios_eventhandler_plugin_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=nagios_openshift_plugin_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=nagios_system_plugin_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=nagios_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=named_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=netutils_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=neutron_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=nfsd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=nova_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=nsd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=ntop_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=ntpd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=nut_upsd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=nut_upsdrvctl_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=nut_upsmon_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=nx_server_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=opendnssec_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=openshift_app_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=openshift_cgroup_read_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=openshift_cron_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=openshift_initrc_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=openshift_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=openvpn_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=openvswitch_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=openwsman_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=oracleasm_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=pam_timestamp_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=passenger_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=pcp_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=pegasus_openlmi_storage_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=pegasus_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=pesign_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=piranha_web_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=pkcs_slotd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=pki_tomcat_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=podsleuth_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=podsleuth_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=policykit_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=portmap_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=postfix_bounce_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=postfix_cleanup_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=postfix_local_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=postfix_map_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=postfix_pickup_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=postfix_pipe_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=postfix_qmgr_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=postfix_smtp_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=postfix_smtpd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=postfix_virtual_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=postgresql_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=pppd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=prelink_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=prelude_lml_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=procmail_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=prosody_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=psad_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=pulseaudio_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=puppet_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=puppetmaster_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=qpidd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=rabbitmq_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=racoon_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=realmd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=redis_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=rhev_agentd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=rhsmcertd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=ricci_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=rlogind_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=rolekit_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=rpcbind_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=rpm_script_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=rpm_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=rpmdb_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=rsync_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=rtas_errd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=samba_net_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=sbd_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=sblim_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=secadm_sudo_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=sectool_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=selinux_munin_plugin_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=semanage_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=sendmail_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=services_munin_plugin_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=session_dbusd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=setroubleshoot_fixit_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=setroubleshoot_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=sge_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=shorewall_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=slapd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=smbd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=smoltclient_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=smsd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=snapperd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=snort_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=sosreport_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=soundd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=spamc_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=spamd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=speech_dispatcher_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=squid_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=squirrelmail_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=ssh_agent_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=ssh_keygen_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=ssh_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=staff_sudo_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=stapserver_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=stapserver_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=stunnel_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=svirt_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=svnserve_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=swat_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=swift_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=sysadm_passwd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=sysadm_sudo_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=syslogd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=system_cronjob_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=system_dbusd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=system_mail_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=system_munin_plugin_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=systemd_importd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=targetclid_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=targetd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=tcpd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=telepathy_gabble_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=telepathy_idle_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=telepathy_logger_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=telepathy_mission_control_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=telepathy_msn_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=telepathy_salut_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=telepathy_sofiasip_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=telepathy_stream_engine_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=telepathy_sunshine_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=telnetd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=tetex_data_t
dont_measure obj_type=tgtd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=thumb_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=tomcat_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=tuned_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=tvtime_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=tvtime_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=udev_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=uml_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=uml_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=unconfined_munin_plugin_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=user_fonts_t
dont_measure obj_type=user_mail_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=user_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=uucpd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=var_spool_t
dont_measure obj_type=varnishd_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=virt_qemu_ga_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=virt_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=vmtools_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=vmware_host_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=vmware_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=vmware_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=vpnc_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=w3c_validator_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=webadm_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=webalizer_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=wicked_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=wireshark_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=wireshark_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=xauth_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=xend_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=xenstored_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=xserver_tmpfs_t
dont_measure obj_type=ypbind_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=ypserv_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=zabbix_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_deliver_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_indexer_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_server_tmp_t
dont_measure obj_type=zarafa_var_lib_t
dont_measure obj_type=zebra_tmp_t

# seinfo -avirt_image_type -x | sed -n 's/^\t\(.*_t\)$/dont_measure obj_type=\1/p'
dont_measure obj_type=svirt_image_t
dont_measure obj_type=virt_content_t
dont_measure obj_type=virt_image_t
dont_measure obj_type=xen_image_t

measure func=MMAP_CHECK mask=MAY_EXEC
measure func=BPRM_CHECK mask=MAY_EXEC
measure func=FILE_CHECK mask=^MAY_READ euid=0
measure func=FILE_CHECK mask=^MAY_READ uid=0
measure func=MODULE_CHECK
measure func=FIRMWARE_CHECK
measure func=POLICY_CHECK
